_Quick Read_
This is my first project where I completely create an fullstack website. This is kind of a recipe app that focuses on just recipes and no blogs. This may turn into a cross between a recipe app and a social network app. This website uses a React Frontend with an Express backend and MySQL database as well as using Cloudinary for images.

_Disclaimer_
This is just a prototype, there are a lot of features that I would love to add. I have a book full of ideas to make this amazing but I do not have the time and skill to fully make this on my own. I've spent a lot of time on this website, there is so much more I would love to add to this but I also have other projects I want to work on so for now this is just a prototype.

_Longer Read_
So if you like to cook then you may have experienced what its like to try to find a recipe online. As you might know, mostly all recipe websites are terrible. When looking for a recipe you first have to scroll past this long exhausting blog that mostly doesn't talk about anything useful in regards to the recipe. On top of having to scroll past the boring blog to the bottom of the page to get the real recipe, you then have to deal with 75% of you screen being covered in ads. I understand that ads is how websites make money. However, there are better ways then filling up your screen with ads that don't even relate to cooking. When I look for a recipe to cook I just want to know the important information about the website such as prep time, cook time, ingredients and the instructions. So thats how this started for me, I wanted to make a recipe website thats just tells you the important information about the recipe. Once I started working on it I realized this could be a great social media app. So imagine a recipe website thats a bit like Pinterest, Instagram and Twitter combined. A website where people can share recipes with each other and follow your favorite chef and see what new recipes they have made. Chefs could even use this as a portfolio. Chefs could use this to work together to help each other make recipes better. There is nothing better then eating delicious food and this website could help people make better food and ultimately increase their quality of life.
